And for this it makes sense to start here in the app J.S. file.
Now leave that terminal open here and that process running of course.
So that changes in your code are automatically reflected to the emulators.
And now let's see how we can get started with that.
I already mentioned in the first course module that React Native is all about these built in core components
like text and view a view would be your div from web development.
In case you're a web developer which you probably are if you react.
So it's a great container component.
You can style it as you see it here and you can wrap our content with it.
Now a text on the other hand is a core component for well outputting text.
That's its goal not there to output an image but there to output text.
Now what you can't do in React Native and that's the first important thing you can't for example output
text between a view like this.
If we would try to safeties without that text wrapper you see we get an error that's by the way a screen
you will see from time to time when working with React Native it gives you an error it explains what
went wrong here for example it's a pretty clear error message telling us that text strings must be rendered
within the text component.
And why is that so important.
Why am I emphasizing this.
Because that's an important difference to web development there.
You can put text anywhere in web development.
You could have a div and between the div opening and closing tax you could have any text and this will
not work on React Native not only because we're using a div that that's not supported there but of course
because on React Native you really can only output text between text tax so you need to use that text
component provided by React Native to output text and that's a crucial difference to the Web where you
can throw your text anywhere and React Native it's way more important that you use the right built in
component for the job you want to get done and for styling for setting up a container where you structure
different content that would be a view for outputting text that could be a text for outputting an image
for example you will have an image component so that's how React Native works.
And speaking of styling of layout thing The View has this as a main job it's mainly there to apply styles
and to layout the content you have in there.
And speaking of that let's get started with layout.
Let's say in our app we want to have q main areas here on that screen at the top.
I want to allow the user to enter some text and the right of that I want to have a button to confirm
this choice.
And below that.
So that's part one the input area and below that we have the second part and that's the list of goals
the user entered.
So therefore here in Akshay us we can get started by having a wrapping view because just like in normal
react you need to have one parent component and that will typically be a view and react native because
that gives you most layout and styling options and inside of that view.
We could have another view for the input area where we then add our input and below that yet another
view to have our list of goals and I'll get rid of that text and it's pretty normal and React Native
that you have quite a lot of views nested into each other so that you can build any layout you want.
Now let's get rid of this container down there by the way and all of this style assignment and let's
start with all of that from scratch.
Important takeaway right now is each component provided by rec native has its own job.
There aren't that many components but the ones that are there have clearly defined roles and you do
then build your UI by nesting these components into each other depending on which you want to achieve.
For example if you want to build a layout you start with nesting a couple of views and then once you're
at the part where you want to output content you'll start adding text sense on and we'll do all of that
over the next lectures you can also always go to the official React Native docs and there if you click
on guides components and AP eyes you'll get an overview over these core building blocks you'll find
the view here the text the image the text input which I mentioned early already and a couple of other
core components and you'll see pretty much all of those or most of those throughout this course it is
a great place to dive deeper and learn more about them and as you already can tell if you'll leave out
the platform specific ones down there which are more niche focused then there aren't that many core
components only about 10 core components and that's how reactive works nonetheless you'll be able to
build any app you want as you will see.